security-core/src/main/kotlin/app/mobius/security/Spring Security.md, before:

https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/site/docs/current/reference/html5/#servlet-hello

https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-basic-authentication
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-custom-filter
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-multiple-entry-points

https://learning.postman.com/docs/sending-requests/authorization/#basic-auth
https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot-security/basic_authentication_web_security


 - [Security Auto-Configuration](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-security-autoconfiguration)
 - [Spring security per request](https://stackoverflow.com/q/34639201/5279996)
 - [How Does HTTP Basic Authentication Work?](https://dzone.com/articles/how-does-http-basic-authentication-work-in-spring)
 - [Spring Security as a common module](https://stackoverflow.com/q/34805178/5279996)

### Filter 

 - [Using DelegatingFilterProxy](https://www.adictosaltrabajo.com/2016/05/09/gestiona-tus-filtros-con-spring-usando-delegatingfilterproxy/)

### AuthenticationManagerBuilder

 - [Exploring JDBC Authentication](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-jdbc-authentication)
 - [Authentication with a Database-backend UserDetailsService](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-authentication-with-a-database)
 - [Authentication Provider](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-authentication-provider)
    - [Sample 1](https://stackoverflow.com/q/50422061/5279996)
    - [Sample 2](https://stackoverflow.com/q/36515895/5279996)
    - [Custom HTTP Header](https://shout.setfive.com/2015/11/02/spring-boot-authentication-with-custom-http-header/)
    - [Tests](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-multiple-auth-providers)
___

Samples: 
    . https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-security/tree/5.4.2/samples/boot/helloworld
    . https://github.com/sumit-samaddar/spring-rest-with-digest-authentication
    
TODO: Clean links

Commit message:

MOBIUS-136 | Add password hardcoded in userForTest

security-core/src/main/kotlin/app/mobius/security/Spring Security.md, after:

https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/site/docs/current/reference/html5/#servlet-hello

https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-basic-authentication
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-custom-filter
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-multiple-entry-points

https://learning.postman.com/docs/sending-requests/authorization/#basic-auth
https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot-security/basic_authentication_web_security


 - [Security Auto-Configuration](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-security-autoconfiguration)
 - [Spring security per request](https://stackoverflow.com/q/34639201/5279996)
 - [How Does HTTP Basic Authentication Work?](https://dzone.com/articles/how-does-http-basic-authentication-work-in-spring)
 - [Spring Security as a common module](https://stackoverflow.com/q/34805178/5279996)

### Filter 

 - [Using DelegatingFilterProxy](https://www.adictosaltrabajo.com/2016/05/09/gestiona-tus-filtros-con-spring-usando-delegatingfilterproxy/)

### AuthenticationManagerBuilder

 - [Exploring JDBC Authentication](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-jdbc-authentication)
 - [Authentication with a Database-backend UserDetailsService](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-authentication-with-a-database)
 - [Authentication Provider](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-authentication-provider)
    - [Sample 1](https://stackoverflow.com/q/50422061/5279996)
    - [Sample 2](https://stackoverflow.com/q/36515895/5279996)
    - [Custom HTTP Header](https://shout.setfive.com/2015/11/02/spring-boot-authentication-with-custom-http-header/)
    - [Tests](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-security-multiple-auth-providers)

### Secure secrets

 - [Secure secrets and password](https://medium.com/@sun30nil/how-to-secure-secrets-and-passwords-in-springboot-90c952961d9)
 - [With Spring Cloud Config and Vault](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2020/05/04/spring-vault)
___

Samples: 
    . https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-security/tree/5.4.2/samples/boot/helloworld
    . https://github.com/sumit-samaddar/spring-rest-with-digest-authentication
    
TODO: Clean links
